[Docs] rules presets (#480)
telerik/fiddler-everywhere-docs: rules-presets/ui-modifications/mark-scripts-and-jsons.md

---
title: Mark Scripts and JSON Files
description: "Marking JavaScript sessions and JSON files while using Fiddler's rules."
slug: adv_marking_scripts_jsons
position: 20
---

# Marking Scripts and JSON Files

The Fiddler Everywhere user interface can be dynamically changed based on your preferences. You can highlight matched sessions through the **Mark Sessions** action, which allows you to set the background and the text color. This article will showcase how to highlight all sessions that are returing JavaScript or JSON files.

## Creating a "Mark Scripts and JSONs" Rule

> Create an "Mark Scripts and JSONs" rule by setting the following actions through the [Rules Builder]({%slug modify-traffic-get-started%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a "Mark Scripts and JSONs" rule by setting the following actions through the [Rules Builder]({%slug modify-traffic-get-started%}).
```

---
title: Mark Scripts and JSON Files
description: "Marking JavaScript sessions and JSON files while using Fiddler's rules."
slug: adv_marking_scripts_jsons
position: 20
---

# Marking Scripts and JSON Files

> You can dynamically change the Fiddler Everywhere user interface based on your preferences. You can highlight matched sessions through the **Mark Sessions** action and set their the background and text color. This article will showcase how to highlight all sessions that are returing JavaScript or JSON files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can dynamically change the Fiddler Everywhere user interface based on your preferences. You can highlight matched sessions through the **Mark Sessions** action and set their the background and text color. For example, you can highlight all sessions that are returning JavaScript or JSON files.
```

## Creating a "Mark Scripts and JSONs" Rule

Create a "Mark Scripts and JSONs" rule by setting the following actions through the [Rules Builder]({%slug modify-traffic-get-started%}).

1. Create a matching condition that uses the "When **all these conditions** are met **any number of times**" pattern. 

1. Match by a **Response Header** where the header **Content-Type** matches the regular expression: **javascript|json**.

1. Match by **Method** of type **GET**.

1. Create a **Mark Session** action and set the preferred background and foreground (text) colors.

This sample Fiddler rule highlights all sessions where the **Content-Type** header matches the specified values.

![Creating "Mark Scripts and JSONs" rule](../../images/advanced/mark-scripts-and-jsons.png)

Once the rule is created, enable the **Rules** tab, toggle the rule switch, and start capturing traffic.

![Activating the "Mark Scripts and JSONs" rule](../../images/advanced/mark-scripts-and-jsons-active.png)

> >>tip You can create the rule and then use the **Play** button to immediately apply the new UI effect to all captured sessions in the **Live Traffic** grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>tip You can create the rule and then use the **Play** button to immediately apply the new UI effect to all captured sessions in the **Live Traffic** grid.
```

Download a ready-to-use <a href="https://github.com/telerik/fiddler-everywhere/tree/master/rules/mark-scripts-and-jsons" target="_blank">"Mark Scripts and JSONs"</a> rule as a FARX file, which you can import through the Rules toolbar.

## See Also

> * [Learn more about the Rules functionality in FIddler Everywhere here...]({%slug modify-traffic-get-started%})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Learn more about the Rules functionality in Fiddler Everywhere here...]({%slug modify-traffic-get-started%})
```
